---
layout: post
title: Reborn
tags: meta
description: In which I try to somehow explain my absence (kinda) (sorta) and talk about some other things.
             I also experience with a new functionality of this jekyll theme.
toc: true
---

Well, it's been a while, oh boy it's really been a while.

I'm 2 layers into this crap.

God this is gonna be long to explain and I'm not even sure it'll be worth it seeing as that nobody will necessarily read this.

Or maybe not, i don't know really, let's try it out anyhow.


# The laptop #
In begining of summer 2018, AKA this june, I acquired a new laptop, well, an old laptop, but it was refurbished and it had a copy of Windows 7 that ran extremelly slow, as this laptop was just laying around I took it under my generous care.

## The changes ##
Well, Windows 7 goes out of the window obviously (ironic).

Tried several distros and so on, wanted to see if i can live a double life of having a regular laptop and another one that was completely FOSS, then after realizing that i'm not going to invest that much energy on it (dont have the knowledge -not a problem in itself- nor the equipement -if you wanna go FOSS you gotta make sure yer bootloader is free as well :^)- ) decided to simply stick to the norms (Linux Mint).

And after checking that everything was working *relatively* normally - also remember insisting that jekyll worked correctly lol-, I was honestly kinda happy since it was my first linux install in which everything worked as expected (__relatively__ speaking of course)

### Next step ###

Next step of course is going balls deep and installing vim+i3.

Can't miss out on that, no siree.

i3 is really nice though, and like the ... customazability/possibility 

## The plan ##

The main/immediate plan of action for me then was to shape zenBlog to be "servable" (i had a recurring problem with `jekyll serve` that always pissed me off), i think i got over that problem but something still irritated me about the theme or something, because my plan was to use the default theme and modify it a bit to my liking, i remember that i had an issue with the heading or some~~shit~~thing.

This little paragraph does very little justice to my frustration then (refer to my previous post, ... and that's only a portion of it), because, well i got so frustrated that Y OU  wouldn't BelIE v E   what i hAD deCIDed TO d0.

# Overreaction #

I got really really really frustrated over everything relating to jekyll, programming and everything related to it (including the raytracer project i've been working on), just one of those moments where you think that all your problems stem from your incompetence or something like that, anyway i just DID NOT want to think about ANYTHING computer-related, and it was summer so I could very much afford that, this had a very good side-effect though, maybe unrelated to BROGRAMMING but still one of my MAIN hobbies.

## Sunny side ##

I read a lot of books :)

I loved most of them too.

God i love books.

# Reprise #

And then, some months later, with the advent of school, i had to pick up the laptop and stuff, i had no real choice as, you know, I *am* a CS student.

I picked the regular laptop because i am mostly keeping this one as my ... I dont really know what to call it, toy ? nah ... i guess it's my experimental playing ground with linux to up my linux-fu.  btw i love the laptop even though it's not as powerful, just sayin'.

Anyways, this semester my courses were:
- Maths : Discrete structures : Logic, Recurrence, Graphs, Groups, Relations, Homomorphisms,etc.
- Algos : Information Structures : Basic algorithms and some interesting data structures.
- Inf.Sec : Introduction to some cryptographic stuff, network security, whatever.
- Modeling : UML, Class diagrams, State diagrams, that stuff.

You can tell from the way i described these that i *thoroughly* enjoyed these instructive, entertaining, and *very* interesting classes.

...


# The present #

Well, now i'm here, and hopefully i'm here to stay, i only have one final left (the algo one), and that'll go relatively smoothly i hope.

The most impotant thing to me right now and what i'm kinda embarassed about is that i've lost quite a bit of my linux mad skillz, so i'll work hard to get those back (i am also making the arrogant assumption that reviving my mad skillz wont take much more than reading the relevant documentation).

Also same for my vim skillz, well, i'm somehow disappointed at myself.

**Oh, also what i *am* proud about though is my muscle memory, because the basic stuff of both i3 and vim came to me as if i didn't even need to think about it, that was really cool (esp considering the fact that this after months of not using any of ths stuff .... okay MAYBE i kept on using the vimium extension on google chrome but THAT'S IT, .. STOP ATTACKING ME !!!1!)**


Let me see if i can write a list of the most important stuff i need to re-view:
- bash.rc
- vimrc
- i3 config ?
- ranger doc
- some vim help (documentation)
- some vim plugin help (notably Ultisnips)
- probably forgetting some stuff here
I'm also skimming through [linux journey](http://www.linuxjourney.com) just for fun.

## Also ##

Since stopping my computer related stuff (last june), i haven't seen a single one of Luke Smiths videos, intentionnally, and now i have a *lot* of good content to consume, can't wait.

# Some other stuff #

Just something i want to get off my chest;
1. I hate the fact that i can't get pagination working.
2. Vim breaks lines and i would *hate* ( *HATE* ) if that translated into broken lines in the blog
   post. EDIT : RIP, i think `textwidth` did some weird stuff to muh test file (probably implicitly inserting EOLs >:( )


# That is all for today #

Still had more to say, but i'll probably remember it only after posting this, oh well.  
God please make it so that the line breaks in vim dont translate to the same thing in the blog post.
