---
layout: post
comments: true
title: Progress
tags: meta vim latex 
description: In which i talk once more about useless irrational investements that will bring only a marginal improvement in my workflow.
---

Well, i don't particularly care what you think about'em, but i'm still liking this (until something goes *slightly* out of plan, then i hate everything and everyone).


So, what was in my todo list last time ?

### UltiSnips ###

Mhmm, yeah, my regex skillz are a bit lacking, so the advanced configuration/creation of snippets is out of my league right now, but given that my goal was only the simple stuff (which is still pretty powerful), i'd say i'm pleased; case in point: easily created a snippet for the YAML header for posts and stuff.

### Ranger ###
Not yet.

### Arch Wiki ###

Really my only need for it was to check the list of application and see if i can find a good alternative for xfce4-volumed, but i didn't find one in there and honestly, it in particular can wait.

#### Another aesthetic improvement that can wait ####

I wAnt mY BAckGRoUND to RoTATe.

After some googling, found that there is something called a cron, which is apparently something that is triggered periodically. Thought that was interesting but overkill for the task, maybe some other day.

After a bit of thought i figured i would just slap my i3config with `exec_always feh --randomize some_wallpaper_dir` or something like that.

However,  that means that it only changes every time i3 launches, which is not many.

Then just add a shortcut to relaunch that same command no?

Well probably, haven't tried that yet.

### ALE ###

Yeah no, I simply discovered that i can install some linter for any given language.

so ... *shrug*


# LaTeX, vim-live-latex-preview, and zathura #

Oh yeah, i installed some tex stuff, i already had some tex tools i think, but i ran `apt-get install texlive-full` and that pulled with it some more complete stuff (not necessarily happy about that since some fonts overwrote some of my font awesome ones and i dont even know which font is the culprit)

But oh well, i'll deal with that later(if i do), tex is working somewhat as expected, i think i may have a problem when i'll need to install a new package, but hopefully i won't, (~~you dont have to deal with things that you know wont practically cause you any problem~~), i installed vim-live-latex-preview, tried it with MuPDF, didn't update automagically, tried with zathura, it worked as expected.

*Yas*

>Now i'll probably read some `man zathura`.
{: .note}

Edit :7 days later : it's done already !




:wq
