---
layout: post
toc: true
title: AgedLikeMilk
tags: meta
description: In which I promise, yet again, that I wont do the same mistake that I've always done while desperetely trying to convince the reader that this time, it actually is truly, honestly, genuinely the last time
Except of course, that this time is _REALLY IS_ truly, genuinely, and honestly the last time.
---

# Section Name #

Oh boy,

Guess you could say i broke my promise of regularly updating my blog eh ...

I feel like i keep saying this but dont actually act out on it

also feels like an extremely common trap which makes me wonder ...

## Anyways ##

I really *do* want to keep this thing updated, but for various reasons that i hope i will discuss i keep falling out of it

## Its rants all the way down ##

Oh BOY.

### Reasons why I think I didnt regularly maintain my blog ###

#### the usual ####

procratination, perfectionism, so on and so forth

#### devil is in the details ####

I suppose its easy to just call it procratination/perfectionism and get over with it.

But I want to dig a bit further, root causes and whatnot.

# Procrastination ? #

A lot of things happened as of the last post, most not important.

But some _kind of_ were.

I wanted to write blog posts about those, but I wanted the posts to be informative still, so usually when I would have an idea to write a post I would hesitate to start right away and instead decide to 'sit on it' for a while, because who knows if I got a neater idea to incorporate into the post making it even better still ?
and another idea would inevitably crop up, and take a significant portion of the planningEnergyRessources I allocated for the blog in general
and another one ...
and another one ...

and nothing would get written ..

it seems really silly, but there ya go, hell I even thought to review _this_ damn post to see if its good.

It usually comes up as this very innocent will to make things as clear as possible, to make the posts as accessible as possible, so you make a tweak here, a tweak there, and then it balloons up to a nightmarish hell the maintenance of which is a pain.

# Hardware related pains #

This might seem silly as well, (most of these things do), but another part is that the context switching price messes up with the perception of effort needed to get on with _it_ (whatever _it_ means in this context), so EVEN IF I become somewhat satisfied with the idea for a post, pulling up another laptop to write up a post and then checking it for typos and then pushing it was enough of a pain to repulse me.

## You have to do all those things? Why though that seemes like such a- ##

I know, I dont even know what led me to set up such a severely suboptimal system.
The fact that I thought that I'll be using this machine more often
PLUS
The fact that I had problems with running Virtual Machines on my """main""" machine (VMWare sucks, yay for Virtualbox) [^vmNote]

[^vmNote]:I had the exact opposite issue before, I.e virtualbox caused me issues and not VMWare, although with VMWare I think an update was incompatible with some Windows update and I didnt want to dig deeper (sometimes im reasonable, sometimes)
PLUS
The biggest factor of them all : the dreaded <b><em>SUNK COST FALLACY</em></b>

## So ? what do ? ##

First of all, I set up a VM (it reminded me of this whole business anyway), I will be transfering my dotfiles there, to reproduce all <strikethrough>hacks/lifeProTips</strikethrough> aliases and bash stuff and so on.

Second of all, I might do some other jekyll theme thingy to be able to have pagination and some other M E T A- maintenance shenanigans.


Third, im thinking of either starting another blog where ill be putting my thoughts however they come or something like that ...


So, reader, I hope I have convinced that this is the last time I don't regularly update my blog.

you believe me right?

Right?
